hi all today find in
a new video to give you
good plans I had spoken on twitter
there is very little time asking you
if you're interested and you make a
video of lassus so when you could
to see in small it speaks of speed and
kate enix two brands that are hyper
addressed in my bio who do youtube
but unfortunately we do not find or
very difficult in France so that's it
I did a little research
a little market research on where and how
what price and how you can get
these brands here at home so
obviously it goes on the internet because
that there is no shop at this day of the month
by poles have small shops
who resell some products but who
are usually very expensive so here I have
tried to compare the most sites
important recovered I had confidence
those on which I had already ordered
we start with the mark victoria
secret's I took their best seller
that is to say mists since here
that's what interests us the most
who are in a little bit beauty
addict and I made the comparison with
two sites
so the best known site is beautiful tv
that I know he sent me
products that elsa make-up commits
a lot on this site that offers
also other brands like bath
and body works
but I found a site that is
a lot cheaper and that is a lot
have and here I ordered it on and
honestly it's very reliable you
can trust me on it in
Anyway, I had no problem
for that I wanted to do to you
share this little good plan that's what
is called will draw ina.fr from 60 where the
links will be in balance to give you
a little idea a brunette on the site of
tV5
and boredom at 18 euros and you stumbled
at his 9 euros 12 of fred sport I believe
which makes you a total of 27 euros
doses for a single mist and in addition to
that the delivery is done in ten to fifteen
days since these are products that
are directly imported or exported
united states of the coup I tried to me
fall back on a site they were
French and so I found this site
showcase point en it's very happy 95
the 5 euros 80 of postage what
is already more reasonable but that you
makes a haze at 19 75 instead of 27 12
so good there are still 8 euros of
cards which is not insignificant
besides that the delivery is free
from 65 euros it seems to me and that
happens in less it happened in kind
not even a week so we would have
that it is perhaps good to know
that there are other sites that are
faster and cheaper here it is
all for fast to the cigarette now
I will talk about nicky salonic
it's a makeup brand that's what
is really unbeatable prices for
the quality 20 I find that these people they
score excellent value
price when you're a beginner it's
really the kind of mark goes to
which you can have a total
trust I had that good
surprises with this mark there and the
good news is that before a site
francophone has just been opened
it's really a website managed by knicks
it's not a reseller
it's called cosmetic knicks point fr
simply and we sell
products that are a little bit more expensive
that on the cherished culture site that is the
most famous site on youtube for
make unique without the one we
no longer hears and I already have
ordered many times over
so I can really make you a
comparative on the website knicks cause
meetic.fr it is sold at 4 euros 95
to that you add 5 euros 90 fee
port what makes you a red to
lips at 10,085 you have the delivery
because free 40 euros and the
products are delivered by
in less than a week like me I
received his very quickly so that for
each culture the lipstick sold at
2 euros 24 you have to do the conversion
with the dollar because everything is in
dollars on this site but you add to
that shipping costs that are calculated
to weight so for a lipstick
it's still him not retreat you
but if you add I do not know me a
blush a powder a brush that's fine
do it can go up to 30 40 euros
not find or it's pretty huge the
shipping on this site that does not have
insurance number tracking and the
customer service and English necessarily
so here it is a little bit it's a
little bit of a risk to take for
a few cents difference I
really recommend knicks
cosmetics on top of that I've never had
no problem with cosmetic knicks
then in cultures they already have
lost a package here is necessarily me
I choose insurance instead
leave to pay a few cents more
I prefer rather than risk
risk and loss of my colleague and
are going to finish this little video I 'm going
offer you 1 0 and then do not put
comments on this video because
that they will not be taken into account
everything so there will be a video in bar
from a fort to the shield on this video and
all the instructions for the little one
guide would be on this video and
the participations will also be
under that of allah the girls it's
finished for this video I went a
little bit quickly because I had
I do not want to talk about it
really wanted to give you both my
favorite sites and show you a
little comparison to tell you that
here I had a little work on it
in any case I hope you move from
very good answers hello taken by
lots of videos for this month of August
I make you big kisses and I
tell you see you soon